Welcome to Kiki Levon you wanted
always know why zinedine zidane
as one of the best footballers of all
times and what has been done
these ten best quotes about him from
other famous football
personalities show it to you roberto
carlos world champion with brazil and her
then with players at real madrid said
about him he is the best player
I saw
it was crazy at his side too
The fans are playing in the stadium earlier
just come to warm them up
see zidans coach at juventus turin
Marcello Lippi then said about her
i think you then is the greatest talent
we in the last 20 years in
Nevertheless, he has never seen football
the prima donna played it was me one
honor to have been his trainer
alfredo di stéfano the real madrid
Legend commented on her that way
Game dominates the ball
he is a running spectacle and
He earns as if he wielded gloves
every foot
he alone is worth it and stadion too
He is one of the best I ever have
have seen
his player at juventus turin app
can say so about it then
He is a special player he creates
spaces where there is no where or no
as he gets the ball is one
solution his wealth of ideas and his
Technics are incredible michel platini
French football legend and
uefa president about you then
Difficulties in principle, he is the
best in what's crucial in football
is fit and ball control
I think nobody can water him there
range from the real madrid president
Florentino Perez says about the purchase of
She then she has us 75 million
cost euro
and that was still cheap cesare maldini
Italy's national coach at the Wm 98
in france said in an interview
I would give five players to them
then to have in my team
The Emperor Franz Beckbuilder about you
then the lady is one of the biggest
Player of the story
a really great player
zlatan ibrahimovic clear words about her
never tell them about you then
other star
when she has come to the square
then the ten other guys are up
getting better once is so easy
the best footballer of all time
pelé then says next about her
then he is the champion in the field
There was a period of ten years
none as good as he was
He was the best player in the world
were our ten quotes about zinedine
zidan
look at the other videos on there
us up and do not forget
subscribe to the channel